Add docs for Speculation Rules features: target_hint and clear-site-data (#39652)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/clear-site-data/index.md

    > In browsers that support the `"clientHints"` data type, client hints are also cleared when the `"cache"`, `"cookies"`, or `"*"` types are specified. `"clientHints"` is therefore only needed when none of those other types are specified.

- `"cookies"`

  - : The server signals that the client should remove all cookies for the origin of the response URL. HTTP authentication credentials are also cleared out. This affects the entire registered domain, including subdomains. So `https://example.com` as well as `https://stage.example.com`, will have cookies cleared.

- `"executionContexts"` {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : The server signals that the client should reload all browsing contexts for the origin of the response ({{domxref("Location.reload")}}).

Author: Actually I've changed my mind on this. `executionContexts` is still in [the spec](https://www.w3.org/TR/clear-site-data/), even if no browser has implemented it yet. So think it is worth keeping. It's not so much deprecated as just not implemented yet. So let's leave it (but move it to be in alphabetical order).

>   - : The server signals that the client should reload all browsing contexts for the origin of the response ({{domxref("Location.reload")}}).

Reviewer: FWIW the MDN rule for this is to no document things that don't exist in any browser. Given this is moved though, I'm going to pretend I didn't see it.

- `"prefetchCache"`

  - : Used to evict {{ domxref("Speculation Rules API", "speculation rules") }} prefetches that are scoped to the referrer origin.

- `"prerenderCache"`

>   - : Used to cancel {{ domxref("Speculation Rules API", "speculation rules") }} prerenders that are scoped to the referrer origin.

Reviewer: What is the difference between cancel and evict used for `prefetchCache` - i.e. what specific difference in behaviour are you trying to capture here?

Reviewer: ALSO This will otherwise render as code

```suggestion
  - : Used to cancel {{domxref("Speculation Rules API", "speculation rules","", "nocode")}} prerenders that are scoped to the referrer origin.
```

Author: Oh that's an interesting nuance I didn't consider when I took this wording from the explainer: https://github.com/WICG/nav-speculation/blob/main/clear-site-data-integration.md#implementation

Technically, the `prefetchCache` directive instructs the browser to evict it from the prefetch cache (so it can't be used for a subsequent navigation).
Whereas `prerenderCache` instructs the browser to cancel any prerender that exists (which is kinda like a new, hidden, background tab ready to be brought to the foreground).

It's a subtle nuance, but I think the current wording is actually correct. Open to ideas of better ways to express this though?

Will accept your other edit in the meantime and reopen this until we close this discussion.

>   - : Used to cancel {{domxref("Speculation Rules API", "speculation rules","", "nocode")}} prerenders that are scoped to the referrer origin.

Reviewer: Follows on from https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/39652#discussion_r2106553808

@tunetheweb Thanks

- prefetch "evict" tells me that you are clearing prefetch cache entries for the referrer origin. From this I don't know if ongoing prefetch operations are canceled.
- prerenderCache "cancel" means to me that you are cancelling a prerender operation. It does not (absolutely) tell me that you've cleared an existing prerender.

Given that both of these are called "caches" I would use the word "clear" for both, possibly with cancel if that is happening. The detail of entries vs hidden tabs is no necessary at this level and only the confusion of cancelling ongoing opreations vs just deleting the existing entries matters.

So both might be something like:

> Used to clear {{domxref("Speculation Rules API", "speculation rules", "", "nocode")}} [prefetches|prerenders] that are scoped to the referrer origin, cancelling any ongoing operations.

Author: Done.

    - [FileSystem API data](/en-US/docs/Web/API/File_and_Directory_Entries_API),
    - Plugin data (Flash via [`NPP_ClearSiteData`](https://wiki.mozilla.org/NPAPI:ClearSiteData)).

- `"*"` (wildcard)
  - : The server signals that the client should clear all types of data for the origin of the response. If more data types are added in future versions of this header, they will also be covered by it.

## Examples

### Sign out of a website

> If a user signs out of your website or service, you might want to remove locally stored data and speculated navigations. To do this, add the `Clear-Site-Data` header to the page that confirms the logging out from the site has been accomplished successfully (`https://example.com/logout`, for example):

Reviewer: I feel that perhaps "speculated navigations" is still not well enough understood to be "bare text" like this. Maybe a link, or maybe something like.

```suggestion
If a user signs out of your website or service, you might want to remove locally stored data, including any prefetched or prerendered content for {{domxref("Speculation Rules API", "speculated navigations","", "nocode")}}.
To do this, add the `Clear-Site-Data` header to the page that confirms the logging out from the site has been accomplished successfully (`https://example.com/logout`, for example):
```

Clear-Site-Data: "cookies"
```

### Clearing speculations

> If this header is delivered with the response at `https://example.com/change-state.json`, all prerendered speculations on the same domain `https://example.com` and any subdomains (like `https://stage.example.com`, etc.), will be cleared out.

Author: To me a cache suggests something that is stored and delivered unaltered and will be the same each time (i.e. it's the static code that's cached). A prerendered page is subtley different in that it's a (potentially fully) rendered, including JavaScript execution and so might include dynamic content (e.g. prerendering a "top headlines" page which might change). So think "cache" is a little confusing — despite that being in the directive name — and think "prerendered content" actually fits better. WDYT?

Other than that, the other changes LGTM.

```http
Clear-Site-Data: "prerenderCache"
```

> To clear both prefetch and prerender speculations, both `prefetchCache` and `prerenderCache` must be sent:

Reviewer: IMO This OK because we have immediately above linked to the API.

Reviewer: I don't think you need a detailed example, but perhaps _after_ the code below (just before the specifications) you might want to explain that you can do either, and why. I'm thinking something like

> You can also clear either prefetched or prerendered content separately.
> Often you will need to clear prerendered content, but will be able to keep prefetched content for when the page is displayed or for future prerenders.
> The reason for this is that prerendered pages are fully evaluated when they are created and hence are more likely to become stale, while prefetched content is not evaluated until the page is rendered.

Author: Tried a few things, but think the fuller example actually is the clearest so went with that.

Clear-Site-Data: "cookies"
```

### Clearing speculations

If this header is delivered with the response at `https://example.com/change-state.json`, all {{domxref("Speculation Rules API", "speculated navigations","", "nocode")}} prerenders on the same domain `https://example.com` and any subdomains (such as `https://stage.example.com`), will be cleared.

```http
Clear-Site-Data: "prerenderCache"
```

To clear both prefetch and prerender speculations, both `prefetchCache` and `prerenderCache` must be sent:

```http
Clear-Site-Data: "prefetchCache", "prerenderCache"
```

There are cases where clearing one or the other, or both, is appropriate.

For example, a client-side rendered application that pulls in data from JavaScript might use `prerenderCache` on state change to discard the prerendered pages, but keep the prefetched HTML to use when the page is rendered (or prerendered again).

> On the other hand, if the prefetched HTML document contains stale data but the corresponding prerendered page is set up to refresh the data when it is displayed, you may not need to use `prerenderCache` but you probably will want to use the `prefetchCache` directive: so that the stale HTML isn't used in a future prerender.

Reviewer: FYI I did a minor subedit around this bit to refer to prefetched HTML document rather than just "HTML document". I know they are the same thing, but mentioning "prefetch" here makes directly associates this HTML document in my mind with the relevant directive.
